INSTRUCTIONS: Fill out the following form and upload the form to your GITHub repository. 
Choose only one of the corresponding numbers in your answer for sections A-F.  
Answer the questions in section G in sentence form.

A. Code Quality 
0 - Nothing - No submission
1 - Below Expectations - Code renders but the code is unreadable 
2 - Meets Expectations - Good formatting and uses naming conventions but can be improved
3 - Exceeds Expectations - Code is exceptionally clean and best practices are used
Your Answer: 2


B. Content 
0 - Nothing - No submission
1 - Below Expectations - Content not related to assignment or project
2 - Meets Expectations - Content is related to assignment or project and gets the point across
3 - Exceeds Expectations - Content is exceptionally detailed and well put together
Your Answer: 3


C. Layout / Organization 
0 - Nothing - No Submission
1 - Below Expectations - Long codes with no divisions or random code layout
2 - Meets Expectations - Code that is modular and divided into section declarations; subprograms
3 - Exceeds Expectations - Code is exceptionally well organized. 
Your Answer: 2


D. Comments/Commits 
0 - Nothing - No Submission
1 - Below Expectations - Excessive, unnecessary, and irrelevant remarks
2 - Meets Expectations - Comments identify authorship and code's intention
3 - Exceeds Expectations - Comments and documentation are clear succinct; wizardry points are explained
Your Answer: 3


E. Rendering 
0 - Nothing - Page does not load or render
1 - Below Expectations - Page renders, but has errors and/or has apparent design issues
2 - Meets Expectations - Page renders and produces no errors
3 - Exceeds Expectations - Page renders and displays properly for multiple screen sizes and browsers 
Your Answer: 2

F. Process
0 - Nothing - Project not attempted
1 - Below Expectations - code and documents not added to repository at correct times
2 - Meets Expectations - code published as website, milestones met
3 - Exceeds Expectations - all milestones accomplished, submissions organized, instructions carefully followed, steps thoroughly documented
Your Answer: 3


G. Self Evaluation Questions:

1. How much time did you spend on this assignment/project?
I spent about 3 hours putting together Milestone 3. 

2. How difficult did you feel this project was? Easy, moderate, difficult?
Milestone 3 was fairly straight forward. I wouldn't say it was easy, but it wasn't difficult. 

3. What challenges did you come across while working on this project?
I didn't have any challenges with Milestone 3. 

4. What things would you like to learn more about after having worked on this assignment?
I have liked to spend more time using Sass. I added it to my project, but again I had trouble 
with it adding code in places it should not have been within my main.css. After spending a lot
of time trying to figure it out, I completely removed my Sass files from my project and went back 
to using regular CSS. 

