Github link: 
https://github.com/RyanHeid/dgl203-semester-project-robert-smith-photography-website


INSTRUCTIONS: Fill out the following form and upload the form to your GITHub repository. 
Choose only one of the corresponding numbers in your answer for sections A-F.  
Answer the questions in section G in sentence form.

A. Code Quality 
0 - Nothing - No submission
1 - Below Expectations - Code renders but the code is unreadable 
2 - Meets Expectations - Good formatting and uses naming conventions but can be improved
3 - Exceeds Expectations - Code is exceptionally clean and best practices are used
Your Answer: 3


B. Content 
0 - Nothing - No submission
1 - Below Expectations - Content not related to assignment or project
2 - Meets Expectations - Content is related to assignment or project and gets the point across
3 - Exceeds Expectations - Content is exceptionally detailed and well put together
Your Answer: 3


C. Layout / Organization 
0 - Nothing - No Submission
1 - Below Expectations - Long codes with no divisions or random code layout
2 - Meets Expectations - Code that is modular and divided into section declarations; subprograms
3 - Exceeds Expectations - Code is exceptionally well organized. 
Your Answer: 2


D. Comments/Commits 
0 - Nothing - No Submission
1 - Below Expectations - Excessive, unnecessary, and irrelevant remarks
2 - Meets Expectations - Comments identify authorship and code's intention
3 - Exceeds Expectations - Comments and documentation are clear succinct; wizardry points are explained
Your Answer: 3


E. Rendering 
0 - Nothing - Page does not load or render
1 - Below Expectations - Page renders, but has errors and/or has apparent design issues
2 - Meets Expectations - Page renders and produces no errors
3 - Exceeds Expectations - Page renders and displays properly for multiple screen sizes and browsers 
Your Answer: 3

F. Process
0 - Nothing - Project not attempted
1 - Below Expectations - code and documents not added to repository at correct times
2 - Meets Expectations - code published as website, milestones met
3 - Exceeds Expectations - all milestones accomplished, submissions organized, instructions carefully followed, steps thoroughly documented
Your Answer: 3


G. Self Evaluation Questions:

1. How much time did you spend on this assignment/project?
I spent about 6 hours making sure my project was complete. 

2. How difficult did you feel this project was? Easy, moderate, difficult?
As a whole, I felt this project was moderate difficulty. I used what I learned throughout the year if I started to have any issues. Anything
beyond that, I was able to find on the internet. 

3. What challenges did you come across while working on this project?
Probably the most difficulties came with my Footer. I had to add media queries to resolve the issues. 

4. What things would you like to learn more about after having worked on this assignment?
I actually would love to take this course again. I think I have a better understanding for html/css/github now after taking the course, and I would
have more time to work on anything that I had trouble with during the semester. Mainly being Sass. I am going to find some Sass tutorials over the
Christmas break to learn more about it. 

Milestone 4 Changes

I added a footer to the bottom of all pages except the index page. I didn't think that the index page would need a footer, but maybe I am wrong with 
that assumption. I moved the contact information on the contact page to be above the wedding photo. I thought that a user arriving on the contact page
might not realize that the contact information is below the wedding image. Because the contact information is one of the most important features on the 
page, it needed to be above the wedding image. I removed the horizontal scroll from the entire page, I moved the contact form from the bottom left of the
contact page to the bottom center of the contact page which improves the flow and look of the page, and I aligned the moved the paragraph on the About page
to be more in line with the rest of the page, instead of being off to the left of the page. The issue that has not been completed is that I wanted to rename
the bookings.html page to studio.html so there would not be any confusion about what the page was, or where it's code was. 

This semester, I think I learned a lot. I used to be afraid to use Github, and now I have no problem using it. (Remember I was in Vancouver and said I couldn't 
use my laptop for my assignment) After getting more familiar with Github during this semester, I was able to work on my class project at work on my laptop, push
those changes to github, and then use git to pull those changes back onto my desk top, where I do the majority of the work. I will now be using Github for any of 
my future website building because of this feature. Then there is the branch part. I also used to be afraid to branch my main branch because I thought I may currupt
something. After taking this class, I no longer have issues making branches and merging them. Even though I stumbled a bit with Sass, I was happy that I was able to
use it and have no issues while doing so with Assignment 4C. 
I do think that the workload was a little much. Especially basically building 2 websites at the same time. In the first 5-6 weeks of the course I was spending at least
20 hours a week working on material in this class. Would it be less now, after completing the class and having more knowledge? Probably.
I think we could have spent more time working with Grid. Grid is another stumbling point that I had during this semester. 
I do think that I can tackle a project of my own now. This is the part that excited me, because buidling websites is the reason why I enrolled in this program. 
I am going to re-build the website for my podcast during the christmas break, and I am also meeting with a friend tomorrow to discuss building a website for his business. I
obviously have more to learn, but I think this class has given me a good foundation to build on.   

  

